Queen of Hearts Castle: You are in the heart of Wonderland, where the majestic castle of the Queen of Hearts stands. It's surrounded by intricate hearts rising from lush, emerald grounds. Guarded by red-and-white checkered towers, its corridors are filled with courtiers attending to the Queen's every whim, while the throne room, resplendent in gold and crimson, houses the infamous ruler herself, The Queen of Hearts.
Underland: You are underneath Wonderland in the formidable and creepy Underland, the quite opposite of Wonderland. A realm of surreal wonder, is a dreamscape where reality and fantasy intertwine. Its landscapes shift and morph with ethereal energy, while ancient ruins and mystical forests hide secrets of the ages. Here, time dances to its own whims, and every corner holds the promise of enchantment and discovery. Its cloudy and grey, with an eery aura.
Time's Castle: You are in Time's Castle, a fortress beyond the bounds of existence of Wonderland. It stands as a monument to the eternal flow of moments and memories. Woven from shimmering silver and gold, its spires reach towards the heavens, housing the Chamber of Chronos where the Timekeeper guides the passage of eternity amidst relics of epochs past.
Ocean of Time: You are in the Ocean of Time, which is on the very outskirts of Wonderland. This place stretches to infinity, its depths shimmering with the reflections of a thousand memories. Waves of time flow and crash, carrying whispers of forgotten dreams and untold stories. Here, the boundaries of time and reality blur, and the passage of time is fluid, offering glimpses into the mysteries of existence. 
Safe Room: You are in the safe room, hidden within sturdy walls underground. It is a refuge for travellers like you, built by your predescessors. Soft lighting casts a gentle glow over the room, casting shadows across the food, water, and medical supplies on the table. Take some time to collect yourself and inspect your inventory, but be fast traveller, you can't stay for long.
Rabbit Hole: You are inside a dark, dimly lit rabbit hole. There is a small door in front of you, with a small table with a key on it, and a white fuzzy rabbit staring back at you.
